hey here's a smart tip put a glass on
your rooms door handle it'll save your
life traveling to new places is so much
fun but when you're unfamiliar with your
surroundings it can make you vulnerable
to people looking to take advantage of
you not cool
luckily there are some great hats you
can use to make your travel safe and
worryfree like putting a glass on the
door handle of your hotel room
interested keep watching to find out
more counting down from number eleven
put a glass on your doorknob when you're
sleeping in a hotel by yourself it can
feel kind of creepy what if someone
somehow sneaks into your room while
you're asleep although it's highly
unlikely here's a little hack that will
help you rest assured anyway slip a
drinking glass onto the door handle of
your hotel room on your side that way if
someone turns the knob as you're
sleeping the glass will fall and alert
you that someone has opened the door
hopefully you won't ever hear that glass
drop but it's better to be safe than
sorry
right number 10 download maps and
translations to access them offline when
you're in a country that uses a language
you're not super familiar with getting
around can be tricky before going on
your trip download translated phrases
from language apps that way in case you
can't access the internet you'll still
know how to say things like where's the
bathroom yeah that's a helpful phrase
the same goes with maps an offline map
will be a real lifesaver if you're lost
and don't have internet access it's
always good to think ahead right number
9 use a dummy wallet
well this hack is great when you're
traveling it's not a bad idea to use it
in your everyday life to use a second
wallet in addition to your regular one
as a dummy wallet you can even fill it
with fake cash or plastic cards that
look legit if you get pickpocketed or
even worse mugged in the street the perp
won't make off with your real wallet
just make sure you don't confuse the two
and end up with a fake one yourself
then you'll feel like the dummy number 8
email yourself important documents as a
backup in the hospital and bustle of
travel it's pretty easy to lose
important documents like your license or
passport especially when you're taking
them in and out of your bag to show
authorities if you're worried about
losing these precious documents scan
them and email the copies to yourself
this way you'll have the information
handy if you misplace the documents this
simple hack can get you out of a major
jam number 7 stay in a hotel room on the
2nd 3rd or 4th floor according to
security specialist Jonathan Bancroft
choosing a room between the 2nd and 4th
floors put you at less risk of being
robbed
that's because thieves typically hit the
first or ground floor since it's easier
to get away fast Plus in most hotels a
special key is required to get to the
second floor and above offering you even
more security but this trick isn't just
great for preventing theft staying
between the 2nd and 4th floors is a
smart move since you could evacuate the
building in an emergency a lot faster
than if you were on say the 10th floor
number 6 hang the Do Not Disturb sign
even if you're not there
the sign doesn't only come in handy for
sleeping in it's also a great deterrent
for theft even if you're not around
leaving the Do Not Disturb sign on the
door make staff and potential thieves
think that you're in there if you want
to take things a step further turn on
your TV at a low volume and leave it on
when you head out that way it really
sounds like you're in there watching TV
when you're really out having a blast
around town number five don't say
personal information out loud when
checking in you probably know better
than this shout your social security
number at the top of your lungs but even
less obvious personal information is
better left between you and the hotel
clerk and not for the ears of the entire
lobby instead of saying your full name
phone number and room number out loud
shut it down on a piece of paper for the
hotel clerk to read this way no one will
overhear you and use your personal
information maliciously number four
cover that peephole people most hotel
rooms have a peephole on the front door
sure it comes in handy when you need to
see who's out there but the same goes
the other way around there have actually
been cases of people being spied on and
even film through these people's this is
a total invasion of privacy
so by taping some paper over the people
of your hotel room door you can really
protect yourself also be sure to inspect
the people when you first enter the room
does it seem damaged at all or appear to
have been tampered with if so this can
indicate that someone may have toyed
with it or put a camera there if you see
signs of this at all report it and ask
to switch rooms immediately number three
don't use the hotel safe
hotel safes are a great way to keep your
jewelry money and important documents
secure right well believe it or not
they're actually the first things
thieves go for when robbing a room and
while these safes seem secure they can
be somewhat easy to hack into for
someone who's used to doing so instead
of keeping your important belongings
there check with the front desk to see
if they offer any security behind the
desk
you never know unless you ask number two
avoid unsecure internet connections when
you're traveling you'll stumble upon a
number of cafes book shops and
restaurants with open Wi-Fi well this is
super convenient it's also super unsafe
unsecured public Internet connections
are easy for hackers to tap into and
they can steal important information
from whatever you enter into your
computer during that time if you have to
log on with a public connection like
this avoid putting in any sensitive
information like email passwords bank
account numbers or addresses also before
you go about your travels delete any
cookies or browser history that could
reveal important information about you
and if you're really nervous about
logging into your email while traveling
abroad treat a vacation only email
account and use it only when necessary
if this account gets hacked they
probably won't find anything important
on it and you just delete it anyways
once you got back home huh take that
cyber thieves
number one use cabs cautiously
[Music]
when getting into a cab while traveling
don't ever say that you're a tourist
this immediately makes you a target the
driver may assume you don't know
anything about your surroundings and
take advantage of you like driving
longer to hike up your fare
also when getting into a cab jot down
the cab number into your phone in case
anything happens you'll be able to track
them down with the help of authorities
lastly if you have any luggage in the
trunk of the cab don't get out until the
driver has removed it all for you this
way they can't drive off with it the
second you step out helpful hacks aside
there's one thing you should always keep
in mind no matter what use your common
sense if your gut tells you something is
off then you're probably right
stay out of dark alleys or
establishments that seems Shady and
always travel with confidence the more
lost you look the bigger a target you
are for people who like to take
advantage of tourists and nothing ruins
a great vacation like theft travel
safely so what do you do to keep
yourself and your belongings safe while
traveling share your own tips down in
the comments don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you